questions take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me oh
welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic initiation we have some announcements
before we begin tonight I'd like to say we're going to have a new feature called
testimonials and how we'll do that is I will contact you and I will talk to you for 60
seconds and you will answer the question how did reason
give use attorney and freedom how did reason give you the unassailable
freedom if I can get 60 Seconds
of your take I think we can see each other here a lot better I really enjoyed
talking to you and getting to know you um tonight we have the privilege
of summoning the ghost of a Dead Man twice
Gnostic informant will be joining us immediately following the summoning
we look forward to it
[Music]
all right let's get started here I'm going to show you a very short little video here that I've put together with
another great song from Zane Campbell um but before I do that I just want to
introduce you to somebody named hermotimus who is this guy hermotismus
his name means honor of Hermes right isn't that nice hermotimus honor to
Hermes so of course that's where we begin um
you need to see him uh and what I dug out for you from the corpus metachorum
gricorum it's in a section on almonds notes
I I rather like that and
I asked for mathematics I want to show you that Source now so
that we can visit with a dead
devotee of Hermes yes and so that we can
um understand the initiation yeah fantastic
let's go ahead and bring this up um no let's go ahead and start with the video cue the video please oh actually
go back yes I'm sorry we should do the text first text first
yes so this is I'm just going to translate this to you quickly reading it off my screen to you yeah so
um these things are said about um hermodimus yeah the classmenian
you know they say that his soul was separated from his body and went
around you know a long time and was able to locate itself in
different places and to prophesy or to tell the things that were about to happen
to the people there for example he could talk about whether it was going
to flood or whether there was going to be no flood whatsoever maybe drowned
whether there was going to be some kind of seismic activity or whether there was a plague coming
yeah such things you know such things now he did this with his
body laying there yeah they say his soul
came back into his body like it was a sheath
and it revived the body huh
yeah so he would do this thing quite frequently and he told his wife
certain commands that when he was going into the separation
that she shouldn't touch any part of his body and she shouldn't let anybody else of
the citizens the locals don't let them touch it and certainly not any other men
but these guys came into his house one day and they were pushing his wife
and she showed them and there he was lying on the floor naked
totally Motionless so what did they do
they picked up fire and they totally burned his body
you know why because they thought since his soul had separated
it wouldn't be able to return and that his life would reach its ending
and uh yeah so it happened now the class of minions even up to
today when you and I are talking they reverence
hermosamus they even built the temple for him
yeah and then they forbid that any woman should ever enter it
because of what I just told you
there are going to be images here which I need you as the congregation to be
absorbing to be taking in um Pythagoras
said hermotismus was his previous
was his previous incarnation yeah that his soul CK was the same
so this fascinating art of being able to project oneself across
time and space outside of a corporeal form to the extent that you can your
adolon actively appears and teaches
the future yeah this is Pythagoras you know right up he's he's on it and he's right in
this saturnian Gap and that's where we need to be in that saturnian Gap we have
somebody tonight in that Gap um coming on in just a minute
yeah yeah so I wanted you to I really wanted you to ground yourselves tonight
let's watch this video and then discuss a couple of images and immediately we'll
introduce and bring on now it's the conformant [Music]
1000 times [Music]
[Music]
and I know it walks with me
instead [Music]
never gave me peace [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
me [Music]
imagine things
[Music]
[Music] reason governs substance
that's what her motimus was contributing that there is a Quantum universe that
exists and that you can create
within that universe that it is mind
it is mind that acts upon the substance
yeah hermosamus that's quite revolutionary did they burn you
yes they've burned him they've burned him alive
it's a good thing it makes you wonder what happened to him as he was out because you know if he was
like in pedicles you know he could go to sleep for 47 years 56 years whatever it was
yeah and um come back he could move through time like that
yeah these are the Builders of your true civilization
yeah we are going to look at some hymns but first
we're going to do it through Neil so I would like to welcome before
we before Neil opens his mouth I would like to introduce
I would like to introduce him as a new man with regards to one thing and one thing
alone um before he was goat feces right but
now he possesses a name he possesses a name
that's right he was able to work he was able to work
through the rights he was able to skim them just
just with his own you know I I wasn't going to do it for him and to be honest Neil I got I got to
tell you your final find I did not think you would make it by tonight I didn't I was dreading I was like I don't think he
is so now after the pseudo Knicks thing you didn't have the faith in me after that yeah yeah
yeah I knew that I knew that it would be great to have you so that you could talk about can you start us from the
beginning can you tell us about casting out demons can you tell us about
purification can you tell us about um those powers that you're interacting
can you tell us about Mania can you tell us about Mania can you
um uh can you make us comfortable with your Herculean
cross-dressing Mania that's the whole point is to enter into
the Mania and to harness that energy and to hold on to it and then to focus it on
the image of the Goddess NYX and pseudo Knicks that means the image of the
Knicks of the image of night and uh sometimes you might need a little boost which is you know so Ayahuasca or some
kaikon or something that gets you in that Mania and then then that's you see this even even outside of uh the
Mysteries even Christianity you see this in the church as people are speaking in tongues they don't know why that's
working they think it's Jesus doing it to them but no that's the spirit of the bakoy that's the Mania that's the frenzy
that's what that is so Neil could you tell us about working
with some of those images you you went to the thesmaphoria you went to the
phasma for you and I can tell you confidently from the Throne of Satan knowing with the congregation knowing
what that is um uh we we went to the thesmaphoria
together and um tell me about tell me about the Korra and tell me about be you
boolius will you for a second and witness to what's going on
ah the the dawn it's that Dawn energy if you know if I want you guys to pay
attention to something if you have a chance to get out at dawn 5 a.m and just take in the atmosphere
there's an energy there's a magic in the atmosphere the Dawnbreaker Lucifer the
the the bringer of light out of the darkness that is the most psychedelic
time of the 24-hour period and that is the most that is the time where you're
closest to if you want to say this is how I'm going to interpret it because hard language is hard to express this
but I but I guess the best way to explain it would be that is the time where you're closest between here and
Hades Hades is closer at that time your the portals opened up that is the
time to be to be to be doing your get your hem out get your hand to Nicks out get your hem to Bacchus out and do the
him do you feel that's that's the time to do it that's the the the the the dawn
time the light the Lucifer bringing bringing Lucifer from your head that's what it says in the in the Hercules his
head was Rising with the light which was the last word that you told me
to look for which I was blown away by because I mean look at the English it's not there you read the you you know a
little bit of Greek enough to translate just enough to look up each word oh I can read the word and look it up that's
all you need to do because you can go word by word and you'll find it you'll find and this is this is one of the
things about the Greek tool is you're you become your own translator you don't need Thomas Taylor anymore you pull out
the Greek you read the Greek and then you can translate it yourself and interpret it your own way and Something
Something Magic about that yeah hey that's uh hey all of you have
heard that don't forget that and there's no charge that you're not going to spit use that as currency no because those
are holy words right we're guardians of those things Neil possesses the sacred
name he looks into the hymn right and people don't realize it Neil isn't it funny once you realize how the hymns
work within the magic isn't it funny that um before you saw it as just the you
know you've been to church and you've had hymns you've like him this is yeah
yeah this is um the power transfer is
amazing and now you are in night you are in Black Knight and you're standing you
as Heracles were searching I gave Neil um um
the search which he's which is now profaning right we're bringing to you
the actions to bring it to you so live this through Neil the initiate
um I wasn't going to do this if he couldn't unlock that door he found the thesma for you and you know I was I was
you know I knew that he probably would and um but I knew this last final key that I
asked him for a name that he was able to look into the text and pull out and
suddenly make sense of how that hymn is working he
understands now he's got he possesses the magic name so that gives him
um a a vision right that gives him an understanding or
a reality I had a choice of the goal with the the IV diadem or the L'Oreal
but I want him to lower out because of the phasma fora is the light so Apollo
is the is the L'Oreal I went with that's why I went with the with the that's I picked this for that reason
and the lore out as a feminine in the uh Ivy is male
that was correct me if I'm wrong but we're talking when we're standing there with
Heracles and we know the family of dawnbringer um we know that he is both male and
female right yes yeah what did you you talked about dreams and
Visions now could you tell us something please about because after the after the
initiation you know you sit with a priest in Antiquity and the dude writes on a scroll what you what you've been
saying right and then they use that they read off of that they're really using you as guinea pig right right but their
read off of that it's a it's a real Quantum act so could you tell us about
your visions yeah he's he's also Diana the luciferia
the torch bringer my last
Ayahuasca trip I'm not gonna say when it was it might have been yesterday it might have been today I'm not going to tell you it might
have been a year ago I'll just tell you what it was NYX was in the sky
she was crying she was pointing to a bright star in the sky
and I just I'll never forget it it was very Vivid it was very real and Ayahuasca is the uh it's that it's
that kaikion it is it really is I there's no doubt in my mind that the kai Keon has had DMT and it just like cut
just like Ayahuasca does it brings you into the Mania and it shows you something it's real quick too but it's
all it's all it takes we were uh let's bring it up to the
let's bring it up to the church library and say um here in the initiation we're
concerned with the one most potent elements of the communion is the historical power of the song So
Neil is you know they're going to come bust down the door in a minute Neil and drag you away to the Inquisition and
when they do I'm gonna swear I'm gonna swear that you are a Satanist like
full-fledged right full-fledged but um before they before they get here and do
that um Neil is talking about a magic that right now in society is extremely uh uh
forbidden and not just for legal not just for legal sake or for clinical uh
Health's sake um but also for religious sake because
the communion is that transfer now Neil is working on his own end on that right
I'm here to provide the images I'm the Mystic GOG right I'm providing you with
the images that's all right and as I was telling Neil that I was like dude you got to do this you guys should have been
there that he was so mad he was so mad and he was like God damn it oh I'm sorry I shouldn't say it online he was saying
you know what what do you do and what are you doing you lied to me this can't be the case this can't be the case
every word Greek one by one and I was looking up the the definitions in the
with these Perseus Tufts we call it Alice so I was asking Alice what's this
word mean when it's been what's the context of when has it been used I don't know how many words are in that
hymn 100 maybe 200 somewhere in between and I went through every single one didn't find what he was looking when he
what he told me to find and I go are you see are you serious and that the one word that I found uh what
was it that's in my Texas to you it was it was the one that had Aphrodite's girdle and I thought you were messing with me
because I thought I found it and I thought you weren't telling me let's see which one where was that do you remember
and I told him and I told him uh a dozen times I told him it does it's
difficult when you're in this when you're in this window with um of
opportunity it's difficult to to pull out the images and the focus and to
really so I kept reinforcing was Neil Ponta Creator was one of them because that's all powerful I'm like is it that
one you're like no yeah lying to me and then I found the one that was uh where is it the one about Aphrodite's girdle
and I said this has got to be it I said there's no way someone would not make me find this word this is too this is too
good because I was looking at the what Alice said about that word and there was a ton of initiation cult stuff going on
with that word so I was I was like there's no way this isn't the word and I started getting pissed I was like you're
lying I know and that's why then you like go through it again went through the whole hymn again word by word by word by word and then I found
it I said his head of Hercules and I'm looking at the English and it said something about Hercules head brings out
the light I was like Lucifer so then I found then I went back to the Greek where that passage was and
I found the word it stuck out it just also I saw that for us that's my Forest boom and I texted you with the BAM uh
Emoji you know bam that little like Star thing found it and you were like good work
you're like you let's do the show tonight I was like yeah yeah now you know the place I love this kind of this
is this helps me learn Greek though all seriousness doing this doing this
one I'm looking up Greek words I'm trying to pronounce them I'm looking up with the meaning I learned like 20 new
Greek words today from doing this so this was a very educational process for me too this wasn't just you know
this was there's another side of this too is useful absolutely yeah now Neil I wanted to ask
you again you had some dreams and you you're looking at night as and she is
the mother she's the mother of Dreams and I'm just wondering what then images
are you processing of night as you're doing as you're going through this process
I'm having I haven't I've been having a reoccurring dream a lot lately and this
reoccurring dream and it happens in different ways but it always ends up the ground opening up and going down in some
some like underworld place whether it be like the one the one the one time I had this dream I was at a
park there were people playing music it was like a party or something and I was on it I walked up a slide like
a little kid would to go down the slide awesome the ground opens up again I'm like oh his dreams happening again I
keep having this recurring the ground sinkhole opening up and everyone falling down inside of it so that's one of the
things and I also wanted to ask you this too what are the odds that when you and I a
couple months ago or a month or two ago when we were looking for a secret word
that had to fit a certain Gematria what are the odds that that had to turn out
to be pseudo Knicks the image of Knicks and we're and this is all playing out like this it's interesting getting what
you think I never thought about that until today yeah yeah yeah
I'm right Neil and that's why I mentioned hermotimus
because he is that one like Jung was doing in that video
um he's the one who is able to make that connection right he's the um you've been to the you
you you understand going into the deep night in order to reach the dawn because
we are dawnbringers right we and you understand the connection with lucifera
right lucifera you you understand that connection so as you're feeling this and
as you're going as you're me I hate to say meditating because it's just like it's not it's just you're focusing right
you just you're just setting your mind on something um as you're going through describe it
as a Mania all right so yeah talk about talk about tell me about the man
it's the Mania going through the hymns reading the words
focusing on them looking at the images looking at the statues of the ancient Greeks made the ones that are they found
in Athens the ones they found in Pompeii looking at these images and
trying to connect with the words and the Greek and trying to speak them out loud this is the Mania it's the it's the
energy that comes from it I know Sobek can identify with me right now because we talk about this there's something and
Ariel or even price net probably a lot of people I don't know who knows how many people look good you know what I'm
talking about something about this search for the in the ancient world just searching for these texts that's
powerful and something that there's there's a there's a magic from it
probably the same thing that a lot of people who go into
religious fundamentalism get at but they falsely accredited to something that's
not does that make sense yeah and does it do the does the context
as you're going through this process and you're working the initiation the same avenues that they were working the same
images do you find that it's um that it kind of fills you in on context like
right now you go back and you'll find something when Jesus is like I am the way you'll know that he's talking about
the abstract thing the way or with the Mystic the
initiation the initiation is the initiator there's
initiation is the initiator I am the way there's one passage that nobody can
agree on it's the most mysterious passage he says if thine eye be single
the whole body is filled with lights and everybody all the scholars and all the
different Christian denominations the Orthodox the Catholics the pro there are they all have their own way of
interpreting what this how this means people think it's the third eye thing but what is he saying if thine I'd be
single the whole body is filled with light I think he's talking about apotheosis
when he wants to say that he is one with God he says that you could do the same thing he's not saying that only he could
do it and then just believe in him or he's saying I'm doing it you can do it
anyone can do it he's going for the apotheosis the attainment of the gnosis
that Paul talks about the mystery of the knowledge which is exactly what I would
expect to hear from somebody who had been initiated into the mysteries of
Heracles that's exactly how I would expect them to talk so do you do you see do you feel what I
thought about today when you showed me that word I thought I said that's my photos my head bringing the lights I go
that sounds like sounds like that verse from the eye being single your I being a
one one eye bringing light that's what that means that's a luciferian that's a luciferian passage
all day long correct correct and that eye or that Ops that gaze that that look
um is supposed to be um gold when you when it comes to the medwa
right The Courier herself the one who is the Healer
right the one who is that sorceress whether it's kuria nukta or the Kora
that Courier is the central figure of the hit of all the hymns of the orphic
right over and over for a reason right there's a reason she comes at eluses
there's a reason that she comes as Isis right we know that we know that there's
a so um how did you feel when you're in the middle of this and you're looking at you
know you want to be like Heracles right you want to you want to succeed nobody
goes into the initiation want to be told uh okay you know come back in a month
right um and I Pro for everybody who's watching this I gave Neil no hints he
asked me repeatedly and I told him no you have to pull it out and he pulled
that yes for us that Dawn bringer literally it's in the middle of the hymn
in a mirror formation so that you can write because we use mirror magic if
since we have ears to hear Neil has ears to hear he knows what that means now he knows how to go back to the text and see
oh photos sales right oh wait a minute right there it is right in the middle
staring you in the face they're saying these and I'm sure Neil it's got to be back me up on this what do you think
they said the song the song of the medwa is more powerful than the drugs that are
involved that's what you give me your reflection on that yeah because the song is what gets you
into the and it gets you into that like like the pythagoreans knew what they were doing when they were putting
together the H string chords and they knew what they were doing they're fine-tuning the sounds and making sure
that that that song puts that person into that trance into that mode to get
in that energy the Mania to get into that revelry so it's more important it's
more important to be there than to take the drug taking the drug by itself doesn't do is only half the book that's
nothing the song is where it's at the melody the the the tune the hymns the
the frequency that that's the word the frequency so ask any Christian who goes to church
that their favorite part is the part where their parts start singing and dancing that's the part where they feel the spirit
that's orphic so the physics they're relying on the
physics are there you know set within the images that their religion is
pushing so isn't it funny do you get the feeling now that this whole last 2 000
year build up of accreted garbage um has given us this Faith thing we go
to church we have the faith and we do this or we go through a certain number of steps and then we have the faith do
you see how that is not the operation of the mystery the operation of the mystery
is the bringing of the individual it's like taking a really good mom-and-pop owned restaurant and then corporatizing
it and and making it for that for like every city to have every city has a buffalo wings now but the original
buffalo wings from the beginning days was the real authentic version and it
worked it was a miracle but all these other fake copycats it's all just cooker Cutty stuff yeah you get the little a
little bit of a little bit of a jolt from it but it's not the real thing it's just a copy it's just uh it's like a
ghost of our body it's not the real thing it's a phantom you can touch your you can put your
finger right through it it's not real you can't grab it but this the real Mysteries the real orphic
alisonian Delphi Mysteries are the real deal that's where all this is coming
from the the Eucharist drinking the blood and eating the body the brain and
the blood the grape and the vine and the uh grain diameter and Bacchus putting
them into your body becoming Bacchus by eating Bacchus by eating the grapes and drinking The Vine by eating the grain
the uh the uh the uh the old uh ergot grain that has been fermented taking in
those gods and becoming the gods becoming born dying and reborn rebirth
all those Concepts that you see with these religions that don't understand where they come from or why they're even
doing it that's why they're doing it because they took a process that's been working that has real magic Mania and
they're trying to multiply it times a million and it loses
it's like it's like taking the that first source of light this is with agnostics in fact this is a sethian text
that says in the beginning the Creator was a source of light and then he be got two more lights those two lights had a
little bit more dim and then those two lights we got more lights and those lights were a little bit more dim than that and then after billions and
billions of trillions years you have these dim lights flying around creating stuff and that's what that's what yaldub
Yahweh was he was one of those dim lights who thought he was the thought he was the big light but he wasn't there
really is bet there's there's brighter lights than that that's what the sethians talk about so
do you think that do you think that impulse toward the Open Eyes
um do you think that desire to like take a breath because you know as you're going into it you're saying okay I'm
gonna work myself up in this initiation how do I do it and I got to do diet and I got to do
um you know I gotta I gotta regular and again I think this one is important um for entering that death State I think
it's important for you to be really close that way um and to do the you know yeah
with a full stomach you're puking it up yeah you need to leave 24 hours at least
with no food if you're gonna eat anything I think this is interesting if you're going to eat anything they say eat some grapes now I think that's
interesting because what is it what is what is grapes it's Bacchus the Vine
the one thing that you can pop you can put in your stomach that's not gonna affect the Mania happens to be Bacchus
the bakoy the Vine I I actually I wanted to ask you about
that what do you think about that uh I was concentrating on
um I'm getting on that necromancy I'm always nil I'm always gonna air to the
side of the necromancy and I think when you put when you starve yourself you go ketotic you enter into that state of of
contempt for the living and that's what I was pushing now and you know hey if I
was a little bit rough on you with the stop eating because you know Neil writes me he says I'm eating grapes I'm like
dude you got stop right stop you got to do this we gotta do it right this stuff
is authentic that's one thing I that's one thing I like about you Neil
is that you not only possess the name now so I have to give you a certain
amount of respect but um you go all the way you went all the
way you got that final word I was like there's no ways getting it you know there's no way right I'm taking bets
with the devil I'm like no no he's not going to get it maybe tomorrow a couple hours ago foreign
I can pull it up sure uh yeah yeah let's put uh let's see if I got it online I'm uh
let's see yeah work work on that for a second okay
well it's number 12 right here all right
Derek please and he's gonna it's a round line it's a line 11. okay I found it I got it let me
share my screen yeah and by the way yes please Neil thank you and by everybody who's watching this realize that we are
sitting in the world's virtual Museum we have at our fingertips thing I mean I
know you guys know this but you need to understand why that's so uh impressive
and how fortunate we are which is we should say thanks so I'm going to read line 11 as Neil puts that up there
um yeah
and I told you Neil I told you right Neil's having his dreams about night and
I told him it's it's with night that you'll find right it's with night that
you find and um look what he found he found the dawnbringer
yeah why is she Neil what does it mean when it says that she uh uh uh that
Knight and Dawn are it literally says around the head
emanating around the head of this
um Heracles and we thought Heracles was somebody else right you thought he was
myth fairytale blah blah right no I'm talking with within the cult now Neil
knows a different Heracles now right he's a Bowman right Neil yeah
yeah down here yeah right here right is this the bow word and he's and he's Mantic
yeah you're boloist with his now remember we saw that you know it was able to point that out guys I did not
know that before today now I can now I'm telling you that what you did for me today I'm able to pull
I'm able to look at some of these words and point them out without even having the English right next to me
okay go ahead let me call you off go ahead no that's okay the eoboloi right those are the shutters of the poison we
saw those in Nero's him Nero got for the sacred formula right
the poison shutters um uh yeah and so Neil tell me though
um as you're working these hymns over and you're going through this and you're TR you're you're attempting to break
through that barrier and you do you reach something you you
got that name you pulled it out I told you calm down you calm down you cast out that demon
who was calling me an SOB or whatever it was it wasn't that you know what I mean
yeah but right right and we got rid of him as soon as we can cast out that
demon then you suddenly have access you calmed and the very next text you sent
me was the exact name that I was looking for from the hymn uh what's the magic of
that tell me finding tough to find that that that that uh
sacred name that sacred title so we know what really what Hercules is this so it's the ears to hear for the
people on the outside they hear about Hercules and his 12 he had his 12 Labors and he was very strong and he he went to
yeah you know he won every fight he was in yeah that's great cool but the inner
Mysteries the deeper darker mysteries for those who have ears to hear is that Hercules is the male Lucifer but also is
also who's also the female Diana very good and you can feel comfortable
in that you can feel comfortable perfectly comfortable Satan's saturnian by gender doesn't
bother you it doesn't bother you the devil has a sister Lucifer and lucifera and they happen to be a diet that
they're not bother me I I like that that that's something to be proud about
that's something that's amazing right yeah isn't isn't it remarkable that that
it aren't haven't we switched Neil haven't we switched our polls where is
it right here haven't we switched our polls now you suddenly have yeah you you
suddenly have found out you suddenly found out that the bad guy is the good guy and the good guy is a creep
and so now you understand why the whole entering into the morning you were sending me then you I saw when you
understood it and you were like oh the morning it's morning exactly that's why I turn the lights off that's why it's
darker here yeah nice nice I'm surrounded by Nick's right now
do you what did you write on your I told you I told you before we went live I'm not having any lights on oh the only
light on me is my computer screen and then I have the red lights behind me that's it all the lights are off that's
it could you show us your head because I know you wrote some things on your head could you show us your head
oh yes look at that that that is the son of Heracles right
yeah let me see okay all right I couldn't really see
what I was doing in the mirror so if it doesn't look right but okay can you read it at least you understand you
understand I can't read that one you understand is that is that NYX or something though yeah I can't read next
who yeah yeah it's probably because the camera's reversing it yeah I can tell
this is n y x and then then here's the Greek oh I see oh I see yeah no it's
backwards yeah look you wrote it as if it were the reflection that's fantastic
you wrote it didn't realize that holy [__]
mirror magic bro now wait a minute Everybody is watching why why what is he
doing he's putting the names of his God on his head and if you remember not only
do the bad guys do this but the good guys do this too the early Christians
are talking about being branded with the name of God so you know Neil
physics here what does it do when you put that name of that God on your head it's freedom
it's that freedom to be to be one with the power with the Demonic power the
demiurgic power over creation the keys to Victory that's what that feeling is
nothing like it nothing yeah you've been sitting you can sit on
that throne and you can feel that Kingdom power definitely love it being
anointed by Knicks yeah nice nice now last question that I have and I'm not
going uh I can't make it to the to the and I know people are going to want you to stay so I'm not rushing because I
want you to answer a couple two if I can get two more questions I'll be happy
um but I can't go to the after meeting tonight but I want to I'm going to be
getting in touch with those people and I'm going to be doing short segments of your testimonies breaking out of
Jehovah's Witnesses I can't wait for that one that one's going to be fantastic yeah well no this would just be one
testimonial see it's one thing to just be a regular dude who wants to join this
and get something from it and that's fine but it's another it's a whole nother thing to leave
to leave the false religion for the real religion that's something whoever that
is I don't know who it is yet he's not he's not telling people people see this is all private I have no idea who it is
but whoever it is I already know you're in that Mania right now you're feeling it you're leaving the church you're
leaving that shackles behind you and you're starting a new thing nothing wrong with that awesome I support it I I
felt so I I don't know I'm sure you felt this way before and I'm maybe I'm just feeling it for the first time but I feel
such an attachment to what people were saying because people were coming forward in the Discord and saying yeah I
was this and I was there for so long and it was like well what broke you out what
got you out of your prison and it's the it's over and over and over again Neil
it it looks like the audience has this consistently built into it is this just
because we're is this how the world is that we've all been put into these Cults and now we you know it's time we don't
have the options that's what I'm saying my my mission in life before I die is at
least start one I want to have a hundred around the country but at least start
one Temple tobaccus somewhere start and then once that one gets put up
someone else will see it and say we're going to start one in my city and next thing you know there might be a city
that has more temples of Bacchus than there is for Catholic churches Catholic churches we might even take an old
Catholic Church that turn that that fell apart and rebuild it as a temple of Bacchus one day that's what we need to
start thinking about that's ahead of the times man you're you're I think you're ahead of the times
with that imagine if imagine if people were like you and had as much guts as
you do and that same vision and you know started building temples
started going back to the Pagan practices that built things like
democracy that's all we had to do we had to say what the what was the algorithm that allowed you to do democracy you
know and how how do we worship that you know Mary Mary beard they worship female
Gods Mary there's a reason let me let me ask you that Neil you're talking about
night black knight Dark Knight who is a
female um how does it make you feel to worship a female absolutely perfectly fine great
makes sense it it it's it it makes sense like that I
don't know how to say it just makes sense that way because it worked we were born from a woman where that's where the pot that's the
and that's Sophia the Ancients weren't stupid when they assigned Sophia to be female they
weren't just making they were they knew what they were talking about that was that that Divine wisdom comes from the
comes from the goddess you see that this man did more with
um the songs of the ancient priestesses than he did with all of your modern scholarship and all of your feminism he
just was able to break through you know to that place that uh that special
worship of the of the great mother it uh I don't
it almost feels like your life as a man is incomplete
um if you don't have that you you sent to me one of the little clips that you sent to me you said oh wait a minute um
it's the child nourisher right you were recognizing you were recognizing those
attributes right those symbols were coming out to you they were healing it's
a healing presence don't you think when you cast out those demons it's a healing prayer I think what do you think
I agree 100 couldn't have said it better myself yeah it's that it's that's okay so you
have the great mother and then you have Saturn the father but
you have to enter into that divine child rebirth death and come out as the Divine
Child and you need to reach that apotheosis and become one with the mother and the
father and then yourself right now does it bother you that Jesus or do you understand when Jesus is
saying look look you've got to re-enter the womb a second time
he's the most misunderstood person in the world history he would have been one of us he wouldn't have been he would
have he would if you you could bring if you actually could resurrect him brought him back he would he would not like
where his movement turned into that's my final I'll never be convinced otherwise
that if he came back he would be just disappointed in what his name ended up
as and he'd be looking for people like you and me saying that's what I was talking about that's what I meant by
being God by calling yourself God that's what I meant you can do it too
that's what he would say do you think now that you have been through um the gallery that is the the Herculean
initiation and you understand the core Dark Knight do you think you could
um uh help explain
help explain why the Christians would be so fearful
of this cup of pornea giving
um goddess um why you know it's in all the apocalyptic ah right it's all there and
it's all a big important part of it so what in your experiences now you you're looking back and you've gone through
this and you've been through it and you may continue you may make yourself do it again you know did you notice ambulance
is like there's a whole bunch of different times that he's that he's initiated right yeah um
um Augustus the the emperor of the western world he had initiated like five
times they said twice into eluses itself you didn't have to go there twice but he
did he went to Delphi he went to he went to all these different Mysteries and got initiated and you know he wanted to be
that August one he wanted to be like there's that's there's something about that yeah for sure and and another thing
I was just talking earlier I was recording with uh Dr Andrew um Henry Schuyler we're talking about
early Christianity and uh it's this is the I know I know you're gonna identify
with me I know you're gonna know what I'm saying right now and you're going to be because the default position
by Scholars when they talk about the the O fights in the nazims the serpent Christians the ones that had the agathas
Daemon the good Daemon this was a charm a magic charm that they would put in their house for good luck it was a
serpent anyways the hippolytus irenaeus Justin Martyr
all these guys that are writing about these heretic Christians and saying that
they're all you know uh drinking porneia and having orgies climate of Alexandria's writing about this and the
scholars today the default position is that they're probably just making this
out to make fun of them which could be true but I've heard a few people and I know you
say this too this why why we know the bakic revelaries are real we know these
rights are going on all over the Greek world so why can't the Christians do it right it doesn't it doesn't seem
it doesn't seem to fit when you know okay look when you what is better than
these gods of antiquity then the god Dawn right she who would you want to
embrace more than Don when we perform the mystery we know that that time is
our time and that we rise to her right and that does something to us guess what
the Christians were doing exactly the same thing haven't you ever wondered why
it says they all get up early and they all went out it wasn't because Christianity went pop onto the scene
which is I swear with the academics support right they know that's not the
case but it's what they support um and yeah and you're exactly right and
in undercutting the O fights and saying oh it's the you know they're just making this stuff up to make their enemies look
bad no no they're doing exactly what the pagans are doing this is a pagan mystery that's what I'm saying at the O fights
we're around to defend themselves they would say no no that's true we were we were getting down with the Mysteries the
not seen preacher I mean come on what does the Nasim preacher say he says I
call the Atticus the Assyrians call you at this though Egyptians call you Dionysus I'm sorry I gotta fix this but
it's okay I can hear my voice anyway uh the the Thracians call you adamus all
these different names and he says you know the player of the pipes Pan the player of the flute
Orpheus he's naming all these names off from the Mysteries and he's identifying
the Christ as that so there's no doubt in my mind that the not seen preacher
was doing this type of syncretism there's no doubt in my mind he's part and they're and they're all under the Mysteries they're all into the Mysteries
so there's you can't tell me that they weren't engaging in the same things that were people in a Lucius were engaging in
and getting that that Mania going that was the way to do it that was the origiastic rites of Orpheus the orphic
theology is what gives us Christianity to begin with right exactly exactly okay everybody
heard that not not from me from Neil and I'm 100 100 because he's talking about
the evidence now he's just talking about who they were these people what were they doing right he's got nothing to
grind he's got no position to keep he doesn't have anybody to impress and look
good he's just holding up the evidence um Neil I'm gonna since oh do we get you
back yeah um I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and cut off but I thought I would I would uh let you end it let you end it
with something that uh you wanted to say about
um about the value about the value of getting those images
right of of digging in um uh just just tell me you're going to
report back to the dojo next week for Greek and when I give you Greek assignments and I'm yelling at you to
get them done you'll understand I'm doing it now to get you to have those eyes you've begun to see those texts now
what do you anticipate from this point out you now you realize you can do everything now right if you if you
perfect this art and this skill now you can act is that intermediary right you
don't need me and that's why that's why I enjoy doing this is because it's me teaching you a skill I'm not taking you
tuition right I thought it's the perfect thing to say to people it doesn't even have to be Greek even
though that's where I would go because I think the Greeks have the I think they were the brilli I think they were the Brilliant Minds of our world but learn
Sanskrit learn Coptic learned Latin and then go back and re-translate some of
these texts for yourself and that is where that's where the magic happens
when you do the work when you teach when you get that nose this is what gnosis is it's not about just believing what the
text says and just believing that you're some guy translated it for you correctly and you're just gonna watch a YouTube
video go in and do get the gnosis get that Divine knowledge if you learn the
languages go back translate it for yourself and I'm I'm doing John John
look at that John and I'm finding out right in the beginning of John not only is there the Lagos which is a concept
that means nothing way more than just the word that's not what it means but not but not even just that that's that's
kindergarten stuff the next passage that verse 3 talks about uh talks about the
uh the life of Zoe did you know that Zoe is in John no I just found that out from
going to the Greek you wouldn't know that from the English but Zoe is in there so the logos is Zoe so I'm I'm I
even had to ask lit wasn't is the logos a female he said some people do think that he said that's good translation
no that's not in the English but I found that I found that from my own translation that the Lagos is life Zoe
and Zoe's a female word because it ends with that that hater
excellent you you heard it from the Gnostic informant
get off your sofa and move over a cushion and get a program that'll help
you learn Coptic or you know whatever look we're sitting in that museum we're
sitting in that museum anybody who doesn't get up and do this um yeah thank you Gnostic informant
um it is an honor sir to be to serve with someone who has obtained the secret
name yes hail Satan how Satan show me
the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that horse called Destiny I think she
ran off without